[docs] re-order CAST section examples and other edits (#15022)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/develop/learn/sql-nosql.md

> ### Data characteristics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Database characteristics
```

> These can be loosely defined as the high-level concerns when choosing a database to build an application or a cloud service - such as its data model, the API it supports, its consistency semantics, and so on. Following is a table that contrasts what YugabyteDB offers with SQL and NoSQL databases in general. Note that there are a number of different NoSQL databases each with their own nuanced behavior, and the following table is not accurate for all NoSQL databases - it is just meant to give an idea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can be loosely defined as the high-level concerns when choosing a database to build an application or a cloud service - such as its data model, the API it supports, its consistency semantics, and so on. The following table contrasts what YugabyteDB offers with SQL and NoSQL databases in general. Note that there are a number of different NoSQL databases each with their own nuanced behavior, and the table is not accurate for all NoSQL databases - it is just meant to give an idea.
```

> | Database characteristics  | SQL | NoSQL | YugabyteDB |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Characteristic  | SQL | NoSQL | YugabyteDB |
```

| --------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ | ------------------ |
| Data model | Well-defined schema (tables, rows, columns)  | Schema-less | Both |

> | API    | SQL | Various | Fully-relational SQL + Semi-relational SQL |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| API    | SQL | Various | Fully-relational SQL +<br/>Semi-relational SQL |
```

> | Consistency | Strong consistency | Eventual consistency | Strong consistency |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Consistency | Strong | Eventual | Strong |
```

> | Transactions | ACID transactions | No transactions | ACID transactions |

Reviewer: High write throughput

> | Transactions | ACID transactions | No transactions | ACID transactions |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Transactions | ACID | None | ACID |
```

> 

Reviewer: Operational characteristics can be defined as the runtime concerns that arise when a database is deployed, run, and managed in production. When running a database in production in a cloud-like architecture, a number of operational characteristics become essential. The following table compares the capabilities of YugabyteDB to SQL and NoSQL databases. As with the preceding section, there are a number of NoSQL databases which are different in their own ways and the table below is meant to give a broad idea.

The following table lists some of the important features that YugabyteDB supports, and the API to use to leverage the feature. Note that typically, multiple databases are deployed to achieve the same functionality.

## Linear scalability

> In order to test the linear scalability of YugabyteDB, we have run some large cluster benchmarks (up to 50 nodes). We were able to scale YugabyteDB to millions of reads and writes per second while retaining low latencies. You can read more about our [large cluster tests and how we scaled YugabyteDB to millions of IOPS](https://blog.yugabyte.com/scaling-yugabyte-db-to-millions-of-reads-and-writes-fb86cea5ff15).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the linear scalability of YugabyteDB, we ran some large cluster benchmarks (up to 50 nodes) and were able to scale YugabyteDB to millions of reads and writes per second while retaining low latencies. You can read more about our [large cluster tests and how we scaled YugabyteDB to millions of IOPS](https://blog.yugabyte.com/scaling-yugabyte-db-to-millions-of-reads-and-writes-fb86cea5ff15).
```

> In order to test the linear scalability of YugabyteDB, we have run some large cluster benchmarks (up to 50 nodes). We were able to scale YugabyteDB to millions of reads and writes per second while retaining low latencies. You can read more about our [large cluster tests and how we scaled YugabyteDB to millions of IOPS](https://blog.yugabyte.com/scaling-yugabyte-db-to-millions-of-reads-and-writes-fb86cea5ff15).

Reviewer: Fix link https://www.yugabyte.com/blog/scaling-yugabyte-db-to-millions-of-reads-and-writes/

![Linear scalability at large cluster sizes](/images/develop/learn/yb-scale-out.png)

> 

Reviewer: fix high performance link https://www.yugabyte.com/blog/building-a-strongly-consistent-cassandra-with-better-performance/

YugabyteDB was built to provide performance in a public cloud environment without sacrificing consistency. YugabyteDB is written in C++ for this very reason. The following chart shows how YugabyteDB compares with Apache Cassandra when running a YCSB benchmark. Read more about the [YCSB benchmark results and what makes YugabyteDB performant](https://blog.yugabyte.com/building-a-strongly-consistent-cassandra-with-better-performance-aa96b1ab51d6).

Reword all the 'below', 'this is', 'here is' etc to use 'following' or similar instead

## Linear scalability

To test the linear scalability of YugabyteDB, we ran some large cluster benchmarks (up to 50 nodes) and were able to scale YugabyteDB to millions of reads and writes per second while retaining low latencies. You can read more about our [large cluster tests and how we scaled YugabyteDB to millions of IOPS](https://www.yugabyte.com/blog/building-a-strongly-consistent-cassandra-with-better-performance/).

![Linear scalability at large cluster sizes](/images/develop/learn/yb-scale-out.png)

## High performance

YugabyteDB was built to provide performance in a public cloud environment without sacrificing consistency. YugabyteDB is written in C++ for this very reason. The following chart shows how YugabyteDB compares with Apache Cassandra when running a YCSB benchmark. Read more about the [YCSB benchmark results and what makes YugabyteDB performant](https://blog.yugabyte.com/building-a-strongly-consistent-cassandra-with-better-performance-aa96b1ab51d6).

The following chart shows the total ops/second when running YBSB benchmark.

![YCSB Benchmark - ops/sec](/images/develop/learn/yb-perf-ycsb-ops.png)

> The next chart shows the latency for the YCSB run as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following chart shows the latency for the YCSB run:
```

![YCSB Benchmark - latency](/images/develop/learn/yb-perf-ycsb-latency.png)

## Geo-distributed

>  The following screenshot is of YugabyteDB Anywhere, which visualized the universe created. The screenshot shows a 5-node YugabyteDB universe created for a user identity use-case to power users logging in and changing passwords for a SaaS application. The replication factor of this universe is 5, and it is configured to keep 2 copies of data in `us-west`, 2 copies of the data in `us-east` and 1 copy of the data in the Asia-Pacific region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following illustration shows a 5-node YugabyteDB universe created for a user identity use-case to power users logging in and changing passwords for a SaaS application. The replication factor of this universe is 5, and it is configured to keep 2 copies of data in `us-west`, 2 copies of the data in `us-east`, and 1 copy of the data in the Asia-Pacific region.
```

![Geo-distributed ops/sec](/images/develop/learn/yb-geo-distributed-ops.png)
![Geo-distributed latency](/images/develop/learn/yb-geo-distributed-latency.png)

> 

Reviewer: All references to 'EE' are presumably YB Anywhere

> The graphs above, also taken from the EE, show that the average read latencies for apps running the various cloud regions are just 250 microseconds, while writes are strongly consistent, and incur 218 milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding graphs, also taken from YugabyteDB Anywhere, show that the average read latencies for apps running the various cloud regions are just 250 microseconds, while writes are strongly consistent, and incur 218 milliseconds.
```

## Multi-cloud ready

> It is possible to configure YugabyteDB EE to work with multiple public clouds as well as private data centers in just a few minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure YugabyteDB Anywhere to work with multiple public clouds as well as private data centers in just a few minutes.
```
